Tips for playing King's Quest VI:                                              

King's Quest VI Beginner's Walk-thru:                                          

WARNING:  This section will give you solutions to the first few
puzzles in the game.  Experienced players might want to avoid
this section and strike out on their own, without assistance.
                                                                               
As the game begins, Alexander has been shipwrecked on an unknown beach.        

1)  Look at your surroundings.  Click the LOOK icon on:                        
       The ocean                                                               
       The wrecked ship in the distance                                        
       The sand on the beach                                                   
       The rocks                                                               
       The plank on the beach                                                  

2)  You may have noticed an odd, glinting object on the sand near 
the water.  LOOK at the glinting object.                                                   

3)  Hmmm, a ring.  Pick up the ring with HAND on ring.                         

4)  Now try HAND on various locations on the screen:                           
       The ocean                                                               
       The wrecked ship in the distance                                        
       The sand                                                                
       The rocks                                                               
       The path                                                                
       The plank on the beach                                                  

5)  The plank was covering something, wasn't it?  Click LOOK at the 
box under the plank.  Now click HAND on the box under the plank.                         

6)  You are now viewing an INSET.  LOOK all around inside the inset.
LOOK at the glinting object in the inset.  HAND on glinting object
in inset.  Note:  If you click LOOK or HAND outside the inset, the
inset will erase.  Don't worry, you can always get it back again.                                              

7)  Now it's time to leave the beach and figure out where Alexander
has been shipwrecked.  Click the WALK cursor over the hill to the
north to leave the beach.                                                                         

8)  Alexander is now at a crossroads.  Click LOOK all around the
screen.  Now try HAND.  To the left is a village--a place to explore 
later on your own.  Right now, Alexander is more interested in the
castle to the right.  Click the WALK cursor near the castle to the right.                                      

9)  Alexander is now standing in front of a castle.  Click the LOOK
cursor all around the screen.  Now try HAND.                                              

10)  In front of the castle doors are two odd-looking creatures--rather
like dogs in uniform.  Perhaps they can tell Alexander where he is.
Click the TALK icon on the dogs.                                                              

11)  Aha!  Now Alexander knows where he is.  But what about getting
into that castle?  Click the TALK icon on the dogs again.  And again.
In fact, it's always a good idea to use the TALK icon until the other
characters begin to repeat themselves.                                                             

12)  Alexander wants to get inside the castle, but the guard dogs don't
want to let him in.  This must be a puzzle.  Think about what the guard
dogs are saying.  They don't believe Alexander is a prince.  If they
did, they might let him in.  Does Alexander have any proof?                                        
                                                                               
Go into your inventory from the icon bar.  Select the coin you got from
the box under the plank.  Click on OK on the inventory window.  Now click
the COIN icon on the guard dogs and observe their response.  Try 
clicking the COIN on them a second time.                                                                   

Well, that didn't work.  Now try the ring.  Select the ring and click the
RING icon on the guard dogs.  Aha!  Watch the following cartoon for
important story elements.                                                                      

13)  Well, now Alexander knows a little bit about his current situation--
and so do you.  Now it's time to explore the island--and beyond.  IF you
can find a way off the island, that is!                                                   
                                                                               
Good luck!                                                                     
