

                        Welcome to 

             "Laura Bow: The Dagger of Amon Ra"


Congratulations, you are the proud owner of a fine new
Sierra adventure.  This game will provide you with
hours of entertainment, moments of high drama, milliseconds
of frustration, years of bookshelf filler, and a nice
box in which to keep the disks.  If you're clever, even 
the plastic shrinkwrap can provide you with more
entertainment than you thought possible.

Should you ever experience the unlikely event of a
"problem" with this product, despite thousands, perhaps
millions, of hours of RELENTLESS testing and DEBUGGING
by people who USED to have personal lives, then gather
together your warranty information, your receipt, your
passport, your birth certificate, your father's maiden
name, a description of the problem written in sanskrit,
and at least two witnesses who speak your native tongue,
then buy a plane ticket to Fresno, California, drive up
to Sierra, and speak directly to Customer Service.  On
the other hand, if you would find this inconvenient,
just give our Customer Servants a call at (209) 683-8989.

This file contains the absolutely latest and greatest
information about this version of the game.  Right now,
we are aware of the following "special situations":

1. If your computer is close to the minimum "free memory"
   to run this game, you may experience slowdowns in some
   areas or receive the error message "Out of Hunk".  If
   this occurs, try running the game from a boot disk as
   described in your manual.  (To check free memory, type
   "chkdsk" from DOS.  If the "bytes free" number reported
   is less than 573,000, you may need to use a boot disk.)

2. Our INSTALL program is unable to detect whether or not
   you have a Creative Music System GameBlaster Card in
   your computer.  If you have one, go ahead and select
   it yourself.

3. For you Tandy 2500XL users, you will notice there is
   no Tandy 3-voice sound driver included with Larua Bow.
   You may still use internal speaker on your 2500XL.

4. Sometimes INSTALL will report that you have the Disney DAC.
   If you don't have it, just don't choose it!

5. Although Laura Bow may run on a Tandy 1000RLX, you will
   likely notice slowdowns, lockups, or other anomalies.  If
   you bought this game to run only on a Tandy 1000RLX and
   you experience any of these problems, you may contact
   Sierra Customer Service for assistance.

6. The greyscale driver may not work on machines with color
   graphics adapters.

Don't forget to look twice at all the dark shadows, trust no
one, read the remarkably clever documentation, and have fun
with this game...or we'll have to kill you.

P.S. If you are interested in other fine software products
from the Sierra family, call us at 800-326-6654 (U.S. orders),
or 0734-303171 (international orders).
